If you're finished with a cluster and want to clean things up so
you aren't getting charged for idle resources,
you'll first delete the service you created using kubectl delete service,
then the name of the service.
Next, you'll delete your cluster with gcloud container clusters delete,
then the name of the cluster.
If you're no longer using the images you pushed to the registry,
you'll want to delete those as well using the gcloud
container images delete command.
In our example,
we pushed two images: 1.0 and 2.0 so we would delete both of those
by passing in the full image name to the command.
When you're ready to clean up,
you'll need to delete the load balancer service first.
Run kubectl get services to verify the service name,
then kubectl delete service, and the name of the service.
We can list the services again and verify that the load balancer was removed.
Next,
we can list the container clusters and see the demo cluster that we created.
Write in gcloud container clusters delete and the name of the cluster,
and then it will go through and delete this cluster.
If we go back to the dashboard, notice that there are no clusters or node pools.
The last thing that we'll clean up since we're not going to use
them any more are the images that we pushed.
Run gcloud container images delete for the 1.0 and the 2.0 image.
A look at the cloud console verifies that we've deleted the images.
Congratulations!
You can now use the Google Kubernetes Engine Managed Kubernetes service.
You've gone through an entire application lifecycle: creating,
scaling, updating, and deleting.
Now you can try it out with your own app.
If you haven't seen the modules on Azure and AWS,
check those out so you can decide for yourself which cloud
Kubernetes service makes the most sense for you. I hope you've found this valuable, and thank you for watching!